### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
PostgreSQL is an open source Object-Relational Database that uses and extends the SQL LanguagePostgreSQL is not controlled by any corporation or other private entity and the source code is available free of charge

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
SQL is Relational database management system. PostgreSQL is Object-relational database management system
SQL runs only on Microsoft or Linux. PostgreSQL runs on most machines and operating systems
SQL or Structured Query Language is a human readable language for relational databases. PostgreSQL is a more advanced langugage with additional features that support arrays, IP Address Data types, Cascade operations etc.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
connect to a database by typing "\c + database name"

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
Having - means a particular item from a column/table. Where - means from which column/table

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
The inner join will keep only the information from both tables that's related to each other (in the resulting table). An Outer Join, on the other hand, will also keep information that is not related to the other table in the resulting table

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
A left outer join contains all records of the "left" table even if it has no matches in the "right" table specified in the join. A right outer join contains all records in the "right" able even if it has no matches in the "left" table.

- What is an ORM? What do they do?
ORM is an Object Relational Mapping tool. ORM allows us to navigate SQL queries in a different language of the users choice like JavaScript or Python.

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
Making requests from the server side allows the user to hide specific information from the client side.
  We can still use Flask and Flask_SQLAlchemy
  We will respond with JSON rather than HTML.

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
CSRF - Cross-Site Request Forgery is a unique token that is generated by the server (WTForms). This allows to server to recognize and verify the form requests and thus allow the changes to occur.

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
The form. hidden_tag() template argument generates a hidden field that includes a token that is used to protect the form against CSRF attacks.
